[DOCS] Migrating pages under guides/miscellaneous (#3094)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/guides/miscellaneous/how_to_configure_notebooks_generated_by_suite_edit.md

title: How to configure notebooks generated by suite-edit
---

> This guide shows how to customize the notebooks generated by `great_expectations suite edit`
> 
> :::note This how-to guide assumes you have already:
>   - [Set up a working deployment of Great Expectations](../../tutorials/getting_started/intro.md)
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import Prerequisites from '../connecting_to_your_data/components/prerequisites.jsx'

This guide shows how to customize the notebooks generated by `great_expectations suite edit`

<Prerequisites>
  
</Prerequisites>
:::
```
Please note that we have a `<Prerequisites>` React component that we're using in Docusaurus. It automatically adds "This how-to guide assumes you have already" as well as a few general prerequisites (I believe one of the defaults is the working deployment). You'll need to import it out of `connecting_to_your_data/components`
